OLS-866: Add YAML file to examples for granting access (#81988)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-granting-access-to-user-group.adoc

----
$ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-group \
lightspeed-operator-query-access <group_name>
----
+

> Alternatively, you can use a YAML file when granting access to a user group by entering the following at the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use a YAML file when granting access to a user group by using the following command:
```

Reviewer: Minimalism suggestion

Author: done

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm policy add-cluster-role-to-group lightspeed-operator-query-access <group_name> -o yaml --dry-run
----
+
The terminal returns the following output:
+
[source,yaml, subs="attributes,verbatim"]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: lightspeed-operator-query-access
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: lightspeed-operator-query-access
subjects:
- apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: Group

>   name: <group_name>

Reviewer 2: Does the user need to update the `<group_name>` before creating the object?

Author: updated the same way as the other instance.

----
+

> Save the output as a YAML file and then run the following at the command line to grant access to the user group:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the output as a YAML file and then run the following command to grant user group access:
```

Author: done
